Implement OIDC (#14)
stytchauth/stytch-b2b-nextjs-example: README.md

## Running locally

> After completing all the set-up steps above the application can be run with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing all the setup steps above the application can be run with the command:
```

Author: They're both grammatically correct!

Author: But fine

Author: ✅
